README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Enhance Stripe integration and document environment setup

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and provide your credentials:

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

### Required environment variables

| Variable | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` | Supabase project URL (used by the client). |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` | Supabase anon/public key. |
| `STRIPE_SECRET_KEY` | Stripe secret API key (use the live key in production). |
| `STRIPE_PRICE_ID` | Live subscription price ID (`price_...`) used for checkout. |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_CHECKOUT_URL` *(optional)* | Hosted checkout link fallback if no price is configured. |

After configuring the environment variables install dependencies and run the development server:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.
